removed v1.108.1 references/added important config settings (#1052)
kubecost/docs: install-and-configure/install/multi-cluster/federated-etl/thanos-migration-guide.md

## Migration process

> All of these steps should be performed prior to upgrading to Kubecost 2.x.x. The goal of this doc is to gradually migrate off Thanos, which is no longer supported in the Kubecost v2.0+ Helm chart. If user wants to continue running thanos, the helm chart must be installed from a third party prior to executing the upgrade. Thanos will be removed from the primary instance once the upgrade to 2.x.x is executed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All of these steps should be performed prior to upgrading to Kubecost 2.x.x. The goal of this doc is to gradually migrate off Thanos, which is no longer supported in the Kubecost v2.0+ Helm chart. If you want to continue running Thanos, the Helm chart must be installed from a third party prior to executing the upgrade.
```

* [Azure](/install-and-configure/install/multi-cluster/long-term-storage-configuration/long-term-storage-azure.md)
* [GCP](/install-and-configure/install/multi-cluster/long-term-storage-configuration/long-term-storage-gcp.md)

> #### If data older than 90 days is required, perform the action below prior to Step 2.

Reviewer: There's a lot of info here. Let's formally make this "Step 2". Then bump all the other steps down by a number?

Author: @thomasvn sounds good - making the edit.

`maxSourceResolution` MUST be set to 1d and `etlDailyStoreDurationDays` must be set to the number of days of historical data needed. Below is an example of what needs to be set on the primary to get 365 days of daily ETL data.

#### Important Note: Setting the following configuration will increase RAM utilization significantly on the cost-model container. It is recommended to use a dedicated node group/node for this process.

```yaml
kubecostModel:
  maxQueryConcurrency: 5 # lower if memory is a concern
  maxSourceResolution: 1d
  etlBucketConfigSecret: kubecost-thanos
  etlDailyStoreDurationDays: 365
```
Validate this process has completed by port-forwarding to the thanos-query pod and executing the following query for the window of historical data set above in the prometheus interface: `node_cpu_hourly_cost`

> After confirming data older than 90 days is available, revert the changes above to reduce RAM consumption. 

Author: @thomasvn - Won't the etl files be cryptic since it'll be thanos data? I guess we won't really know it was successful til we run etlUtils?

> After confirming data older than 90 days is available, revert the changes above to reduce RAM consumption. 

Author: or in the /etl dir from the back ups maybe with the etl inspect tool? idk..seems like it's going to be difficult to confirm it works unless I'm missing something here.

> After confirming data older than 90 days is available, revert the changes above to reduce RAM consumption. 

Reviewer: I don't think you need to read the ETL files. Just the fact that they exist in the bucket under the `/etl` directory. If they go back a full 365 days that should mean you have multicluster ETL data for the past 1yr in the bucket.

  etlBucketConfigSecret: <YOUR_SECRET_NAME>
```

> ### Step 3: If data older than 90 days is required, perform this step. If 90 days worth of historical data meets the requirement, skip to step 3.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 3: If data older than 90 days is required, perform this step. If 90 days worth of historical data meets the requirement, skip to step 4.
```

`maxSourceResolution` MUST be set to 1d and `etlDailyStoreDurationDays` must be set to the number of days of historical data needed. Below is an example of what needs to be set on the primary to get 365 days of daily ETL data.

#### Important Note: Setting the following configuration will increase RAM utilization significantly on the cost-model container. It is recommended to use a dedicated node group/node for this process.

```yaml
kubecostModel:
  maxQueryConcurrency: 5 # lower if memory is a concern
  maxSourceResolution: 1d
  etlBucketConfigSecret: kubecost-thanos
  etlDailyStoreDurationDays: 365
```
Validate this process completed by confirming the object store has ~365 worth of non-empty ETL files in the `/etl` directory that was created in step 2. Empty file sizes are 86B. The name of the etl files are the epoch timestamps for the ETLs. Use the [Epoch Time Converter](https://www.epochconverter.com/) to validate data goes back a year.

After confirming data older than 90 days is available, revert the changes above to reduce RAM consumption. 

> Once configured, you will see the ETL backup data begin to populate in the Thanos object store. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion

```

### Step 5: Enable FederatedETL, ETL-Utils, and Aggregator on the primary cluster

Enabling FederatedETL will begin pushing your primary cluster's ETL data to the directory `/federated/CLUSTER_ID`. This setting will be enabled when upgrading to v2.x.

Enabling ETL-Utils will create the directories `/federated/CLUSTER_ID` for every primary/secondary cluster based on the full set of data in the `/etl` directory.

> Enabling [Aggregator](/install-and-configure/install/multi-cluster/federated-etl/aggregator.md) will begin processing the ETL data from the `/federated` directory. The aggregator will then serve all Kubecost queries. Be sure to look at the Aggregator Optimizations if Kubecost is ingesting data for ~20,000+ containers. It is difficult to recommend the amount of resources needed due to the uniqueness of each environment and several other variables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Enabling [Aggregator](/install-and-configure/install/multi-cluster/federated-etl/aggregator.md) will begin processing the ETL data from the `/federated` directory. The aggregator will then serve all Kubecost queries. Be sure to look at the [Aggregator Optimizations Doc](/install-and-configure/install/multi-cluster/federated-etl/aggregator.md) if Kubecost is ingesting data for ~20,000+ containers. It is difficult to recommend the amount of resources needed due to the uniqueness of each environment and several other variables.
```

> The `federatedStorageConfigSecret`, `etlBucketConfigSecret`, and `thanosSourceBucketSecret` *MUST* all point to the same bucket. Otherwise the data migration will not suceed. Additionally, the cloud-integration *MUST* be configured and referenced following this [method](https://docs.kubecost.com/install-and-configure/install/cloud-integration/multi-cloud#step-2-create-cloud-integration-secret) or the cloud integration will fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `federatedStorageConfigSecret`, `etlBucketConfigSecret`, and `thanosSourceBucketSecret` *MUST* all point to the same bucket. Otherwise the data migration will not suceed. Additionally, the cloud-integration *MUST* be configured and referenced following [this method](/install-and-configure/install/cloud-integration/multi-cloud#step-2-create-cloud-integration-secret) or the cloud integration will fail.
```

Optionally, you can remove the [Thanos sidecar](https://raw.githubusercontent.com/kubecost/cost-analyzer-helm-chart/v1.108.1/cost-analyzer/values-thanos.yaml) running on this secondary cluster. If left on, this secondary cluster will continue to push Prometheus metrics to the object store which can be used as a backup.

> ### Step 9: Upgrade primary cluster to v2.x (2.3+ recommended)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Step 9: Upgrade primary cluster to v2.x
```

I'm removing (2.3+ recommended) because that will likely become outdated quickly.
